Week 1
Finding the group member who is also not in Sydney for first few weeks. Discuss challenges and technic of projects.
Finaly, we decided the project which we will work on. We also list pros and cons of existing website to improve our project.

Week 2
First, I browsed some related papers on e-commerce, learned the development background of e-commerce, the main background, and provided materials for writing our proposal.
Then, draw on some popular websites such as Amazon, Alibaba, and design some sketches of our website's main page, login page, etc.

week 3 
Have a meeting with the team members and write the proposal. I am responsible for the overall framework design.

week 4
First， draw the website homepage, login and registration pages, shopping cart and checkout page, and then find out the calculation method of the recommendation system, 
familiar with the calculation method of cosine similarity.



week 5
New group found. Make the login and logup pages and make the Newer for student and teacher page for our project.

week 6
Together to help create the database, and combine the situation after the discussion and the required data to design the pages like "teacher can add course information", "student can join course".

week 7
Modify and improve the two pages last week, changed the assessment type, which added an add box, and give tutor a detailed introduction to the reasons and uses of setting up "course comprehension" and "what do you want to learn", and create two front-end pages: ER_student, LR_student.

week 8
Make dynamic tables for a teacher can view all students ER_student, because the teacher can choose to see the ER of any student, so design a table that the teacher can score for each student. And we also have a student self score page.

week 9
Improve the code of the 8th week, and design the final feedback interface: feedback_student, feedback_teacher.

week 10
Modify code and front pages, prepare demo，responsible for running and explaining the process of the entire system.
